==Previous Meetings==
[[en/Archive/Development/Tuesday, 12th July 2005]]
==Future Meetings==
===Date===
Not yet set.
===Issues to be raised / discussed===
Development issues only, no new feature suggestions!
* Progress of 32bpp graphics
* New file format for 32bpp graphics
* Cargo packets progress
* What is happening with all the patches / suggestions on SF